README.md, before:

[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/legalthings/lto-network-frontend?branch=master)](https://bettercodehub.com/)

# LtoNetworkFrontend

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) using [Nrwl Nx](https://nrwl.io/nx).

## Nrwl Extensions for Angular (Nx)

<a href="https://nrwl.io/nx"><img src="https://preview.ibb.co/mW6sdw/nx_logo.png"></a>

Nx is an open source toolkit for enterprise Angular applications.

Nx is designed to help you create and build enterprise grade Angular applications. It provides an opinionated approach to application project structure and patterns.

## Quick Start & Documentation

[Watch a 5-minute video on how to get started with Nx.](http://nrwl.io/nx)

## Generate your first application

Run `ng generate app myapp` to generate an application. When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same CLI workspace. Read more [here](http://nrwl.io/nx).

## Development server

Run `ng serve --project=myapp` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project=myapp` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build --project=myapp` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

First readme documentation approach (#44)
* Readme first documentation

* Image added at readme
:

* Paragraphs order changed

* Cleaned up
ºº

README.md, after:

[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/legalthings/lto-network-frontend?branch=master)](https://bettercodehub.com/)

# LTO Network Frontend
<a href="https://github.com/legalthings/lto-network-frontend/"><img src="https://lto.network/img/meta.png"></a>

## Description | Repository content

The project is a momorepo based project. 
By now there are two main projects:
1. Explorer
1. Wallet

## Requirements

Before getting started you would need:
1. `git` installed locally in your computer
1. `npm` installed locally in your computer. It can be done with this `npm install npm@latest -g`. [Check npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/)
1. Make sure that you have Node 10.9 or later installed. See instructions [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). The Angular CLI requires Node 8, but development requires Node 10.
1. Install Angular CLI. It can be done with `npm install -g @angular/cli`. The Angular CLI is a command-line interface tool that you use to initialize, develop, scaffold, and maintain Angular applications. You can use the tool directly in a command shell, or indirectly through an interactive UI such as Angular Console. [Angular CLI reference](https://angular.io/cli#cli-command-reference)

## Installation

To get started locally, follow these instructions:
If you haven't done it already, make a fork of this [repo](https://github.com/legalthings/lto-network-frontend/fork).
1. Clone to your local computer using `git`.
1. Make sure that you have Node 10.9 or later installed. See instructions [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). The Angular CLI requires Node 8, but development requires Node 10.
1. Enter project main directory and install npm modules (dependecies): `npm install`.

## Getting Started - Local Development

1. If you want to run `explorer` project, you need to use `ng serve explorer`.
1. If you want to run `wallet` project, you need to use `ng serve wallet`.
1. Running `ng serve` will deploy the angular cli default for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.
